{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green38\blue42;\red244\green244\blue244;\red166\green65\blue5;
\red67\green192\blue160;\red23\green23\blue23;\red202\green202\blue202;\red15\green112\blue3;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c18431\c20000\c21569;\cssrgb\c96471\c96471\c96471;\cssrgb\c71765\c33333\c392;
\cssrgb\c30588\c78824\c69020;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;\csgenericrgb\c5882\c43922\c1176;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
dotnet run\
botnet watch run\
\
visite : https://www.nuget.org\
look for botnet-ef\
get version as botnet installed\
\
dotnet tool install --global dotnet-ef --version 5.0.1\
\
Install also \'97 Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design\
\
Migrating initial scheme\
You must be in the API folder to run this\
\
1. dotnet ef migrations add InitialCreate  -o Data/Migrations\
2. add database with this command below\
3. dotnet ef database update\
4. install sqlite for purposes of all\
5. to ignore some files from being taken to repo\
6. dotnet new gitignore\
\
7. Angular Language Service\
8.angular snippet\
9.bracket pair colorizer 2\
\
https://valor-software.com/ngx-bootstrap/#/\
\
do the following if you have schema issues\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
npm uninstall @schematics/angular\
npm install @schematics/angular@\cf4 9.1.0\
\
10. Adding new columns to AppUser Entity, need for migration\
11. dotnet ef migrations add UserPasswordAdded  this adds migration \
12. dotnet ef database update  \'97this update the database\
13. dotnet ef database drop\
14. dotnet ef database update\
15. JWT add service = System.IdentityModel.Token.Jwt \'97 just install current version\
16. \cf5 \cb6 Microsoft\cf7 .\cf5 AspNetCore\cf7 .\cf5 Authentication\cf7 .\cf5 JwtBearer\cf4 \cb3 \
17. Add to the services config\
\
Creating client section\
1. ng g -h\
2. cd into src/app\
3. create component here\
4.ng g c nav --skip-tests\
services angular\
1. cd services\
2. ng g s account --skip-tests\
\
Create Home Component\
Ensure you are in the app folder under client\

\f2\b\fs46 \cf8 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ng g c home \'97-skip-tests\
3. Create register component\
ng g c register \'97skip-tests\
}